hi solid pinocchio piterman and I have come to make a blowjob yes as well
you know now I'm possessed by a cheap fucking suit that buys in the eroski by
12 euros but I came without ironing and on top I got into a well full of
shit now you will know the reason why now I have turned black so that
See me at night in the middle of the iss fagots that I see you coming
andrés micó as explained ander fico and explained you are a fucking
Podium pajero will take care of looking at me with that face of fright straw
Under this stale trance hides a fucking geek that does not cast and a friend outside the
chad de terra and on top he fucks his bitch
When I want to go to piss I have to wet it whole because if I take off this
I brought the aunts open the true identity of my cock and I do not want that
happen to see if it's going to fall, it handles so my uncle is a river field of shit
that they throw him a stick in the ass for throwing me the quarrel in the car
I deserved the code
now I will introduce you to my enemies saved and blind of summer red and not
I see a whale in the manolo house of the hype
I often hang up in the sky because it threw a lot of cobwebs but I do not
he hurt a fucking building doria the shit helicopters
although it does not look like 'spiderman 3' is the most expensive movie in the world and that what
they have done some geeks that we took in a cybercafe we ​​took a few
grandparents of the asylum and we put ourselves will host a whore who wish to new sensations
good jose summarized as it was done
good Jews I'm going to the bottle of San Miguel
but before I'll tell you a joke about superheroes
this is gonna send herman down the street and see superman and tell him
hello com still for the cup what superman answers you I do not prefer a
psychologist son of a bitch
and explained singh explained I'm staying with your dog in future he signed him mavericks
to forgive I can not finish the joke is my schedule to make pacts in
firecrackers dotcom arrivederci fucking bastards